feat(openapi): generator of an openapi extension project (#3800)
AmadeusITGroup/otter: packages/@ama-openapi/create/README.md

└── renovate.json
```

### Design Exntension Project

Create a new [OpenAPI](https://www.openapis.org/) design project extension via the following command :

```shell
npm create @ama-openapi extension <project-name> -- [options]
```

The following options are available:

| Options | Default Value | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `--target`, `-t` | `.` | Target directory where files will be generated. |
| `--dependency-base-spec`, `-b` | - | Name of the NPM artifact to use as the dependency base specification (e.g. @my-org/specification). |

The command will generate a directory with the same structure of the `design` command but will setup the repository to prepare the generation of 3 specification:

- `base` specification which is extended by the current specification
- `extension` specification bundling only the specification defined in the current project

> - `merge` specification which is the merge of the `base` with `extension` specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `merge` specification which is the merge of the `base` and `extension` specifications
```
